adding README and useful comments (#6)
status-im/infra-role-openkm: README.md

# Description

This role sets up 4 components:
- OpenKM
- xvfb
- jBMP Console
- Status Plugins

And it requires PostgreSQL

# Configuration

These settings are all mandatory:
```yaml
openkm_domain:               'openkm.example.org'
openkm_admin_password:       'changeIfYouCare'
openkm_installation_id:      '00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000'
openkm_docker_registry_user: 'some_user'
openkm_docker_registry_pass: 'some_password'
openkm_jbpm_db_pass:         'another_password'
openkm_jbpm_admin_password:  'one_more_password'
openkm_db_pass:              'yet_another_password'
openkm_mail_from:            'noreply@example.org'
openkm_mail_smtp_host:       'smtp.example.org'
openkm_mail_smtp_port:       587
openkm_mail_smtp_user:       'another_user'
openkm_mail_smtp_pass:       'password_too'
```

# Installation

Few things are manual:
1. Query of version fails, so you need to disable the task

> 2. Both openkm and jbpm-console ddl should be set to create, see properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Both openkm and jbpm-console `ddl-auto` setting should be set to create, see [`templates/config`](templates/config).
```

Reviewer: Also, shouldn't it be `create-only`? Or is it `create`?
